At the moment, this addon is partially broken and although I haven't abandoned it just yet, there's a pretty glaring issue with the way the viewfinder is handled after U45 that I just can't seem to fix.

Originally, Dizzy worked by removing the FRAME_PLAYER_FRAGMENT scene from the scene manager, and did so for each selected menu scene—stats, skills, inventory, etc. It was a little more rudimentary than the way "No, Thank you!" does it, but it did give me just a little more granular control over each scene—and more importantly, I didn't want to just copycat "No, Thank You!". My method still works—however, there are some new, glaring flaws. It seems that removing the "FRAME_PLAYER_FRAGMENT" at all breaks the camera in the system menus (Same as "No, Thank You!"), because the camera won't return to a normal state once it spins in those system menus. Additionally, a new issue with Dizzy is that if a menu affected by Dizzy is opened while you're in the process of fishing or harvesting, it will abruptly stop the action as if you'd manually cancelled it.

"No, Thank You!" works in a similar way as my addon, but does so by removing "FRAME_EMOTE_FRAGMENT" elements from the scene manager to stop the camera from rotating. If I recall correctly, this also does modify the "FRAME_PLAYER_FRAGMENT" scene, which is why the issues are the same as Dizzy's. However, this method does not interrupt harvesting or fishing animations post-U45. This means that in the future, any updates to this addon will probably be a complete rewrite closer to the method that Ayantir and "No, Thank You!" uses to handle the camera. I didn't really want to go that route, but with the harvesting/fishing animations now breaking, I think I'll have to.

Currently, I'm not worrying about the pause menu—as far as I'm concerned, it's either a lost cause or it'll fix itself if I can ever figure out a workaround. At the moment, I'm currently trying to rewrite this in a method closer to Ayantir's—removing the camera spins via Frame Emote Fragment—and doing so in a way that doesn't affect the pause menu when "FRAME_PLAYER_FRAGMENT" has to be removed from the scene.

I've learned a lot while working on this addon, but I'm by no means a professional at this. If anyone has any suggestions, I'm all ears—and thanks for your patience to everyone who's been asking me about it. I'm still working on it, but work's been a doozy.

# Dizzy - A NoSpin Successor
A lightweight addon with the sole intention of preventing camera spin when various menus are accessed in-game. This is primarily a roleplay utility, but can be used in any situation where camera spin may prove annoying. Provides the same functionality as the old NoSpin addon, with a few options for enabling/disabling certain menu spins.

Limited functionality on Gamepad mode. While it works for the most part, the "Collections" tab and a few other menus will ignore this addon and spin the camera anyways. I'm not aware of any fix for this.
